Gunfire erupted outside
the First National
Pacific Bank Monday morning.
Around the Sylmar
Shopping Plaza,
customers stopped
to take notice
when a confrontation...
She's a cool customer.
cold and hot.
Don't touch.
You will get burned.
Police continue to search
for former LAPD
detective Carl Nash,
alleged ringleader
of a crew of corrupt...
- A babe like her--
- Mm-hmm.
...tangled up
with a lug like him.
Do-re-mi, baby.
Do-re-mi.
- Ha.
- ...stolen vehicles.
Police departments
throughout Los Angeles area
continue to pursue Nash.
Detective, before we start,
a few ground rules.
Ground rules.
For the last 48 hours,
my client has answered
every question put to her.
She's cooperated fully
with RHD and FID detectives.
She's here
of her own volition.
I won't allow you
to bully her.
Bully.
Mrs. Allen, more than anyone,
wants to know
who killed her husband.
Well, then maybe
she can tell me
how Carl Nash knew
she'd be at that bank
that morning.
As I've said until I am
blue in the face,
I don't know.
Did you double-cross him,
or did he double-cross you?
I knew the man to say
hello to at the front gate.
Was it your idea
or his idea?
Was what his idea or mine?
- To kill your husband.
- Detective--
I had nothing to do
with my husband's death.
When you looked in that
empty safe deposit box,
it must have been a shock.
I went there to collect
what was mine legally.
What did you expect
to find?
Documents, papers,
photographs.
I had no idea
what Tony had in there.
Cash?
You're busy concocting
a fantasy, detective.
It never happened.
What a grim workplace
you inhabit.
Does it ever get you down?
I kind of like it.
It inspires me.
I bet it does.
Suits you.
If you think this is grim,
imagine what prison is like.
If Carl Nash
killed my husband,
he deserves to rot in one
for the rest of his life.
Where do you think Layla is?
Don't know, don't care.
Sure you do.
She's got the money, right?
Your money.
You and your stories,
detective.
She got to that
safe deposit box
the day after your
husband's body was found.
The box was
in her name, too.
She didn't have to wait
for probate.
What do you think's
in that backpack?
I'm betting it's not
the Allen family photos.
Layla outsmarted you
and Nash both.
Have a nice chat?
She's had two days
to get her story straight
while Edgar and I
jump through hoops
on the bank.
Where are we on Allen's
other five accounts?
Frozen. I called the IRS.
Told them there were laundered
funds in those accounts.
She can't touch them.
So, speaking
of the merry widow?
Can't go to the DA
with what we've got.
As of now, she walks.
Where's your car?
Let's take this one.
Mrs. Allen,
I'm Martin Weiss.
We met
a couple of years ago
At Freddie Macnekian's
funeral.
Yeah, I know who you are.
Ed, what is this?
Mr. Weiss has
a proposal for you.
* I got a feeling
and I can't let go *
* I can't let go
* I feel
The man
who had my son murdered
was in our sights,
and now he's gone.
He'll turn up.
It's just a matter of time.
I swore I'd look him
in the eye.
Might not work out that way.
You and Edgar
will now be part
of RHD's overarching
investigations.
So I gather.
Eyes and ears?
Eyes and ears.
That'll be all, detective.
Bosch, Edgar.
Where is everybody?
Out beating the bushes.
Thanks for stopping by.
Hey, we're here.
We got another case,
you know.
The Tony Allen murder.
You had eyes on our suspect
since you questioned her?
Mrs. Allen? No, we don't
have the manpower.
Tips are coming in
fast and furious.
We're checking out leads
from here to Tucson.
She give you anything?
I didn't lay a glove on her.
We want you to keep
working the Allen murder,
but Nash is now
the priority.
What's the current thinking
on his whereabouts?
He dropped his hostage off
at the edge of Angeles Forest
on Highway 14.
Took her a couple of hours
to get to a phone.
She said he was
headed north on 14
toward Lancaster
and Palmdale,
which is ground zero
at the moment.
Ex-cop. Knows the moves.
He would have ditched
the car by now, right?
That was our
assumption, too.
We're waiting for it
to turn up.
He might have been too injured
to stop to switch cars.
It was a serious
gunshot wound.
He was dragging that leg.
Maybe he hasn't
gotten that far.
Maybe he's holed up
somewhere closer in.
Okay. So what do you
want us to do?
Follow the guns.
From the shootout.
We collected six weapons
from the scene.
Nash's crew had no serial
numbers on their weapons.
Firearms has them now.
It'll take them
a couple of days.
They'll call you
when they're ready
for you to follow up.
Okay, no problem.
What else?
The DA's negotiating
a deal with O'Grady,
pushing it through.
Exigent circumstances
with Nash at large.
We could use one of you
at the first interview.
Ask about the Allen case.
Let us know.
Keep us in the loop.
For real this time.
The guy can be anywhere.
Ohh.
God damn it. Ohh.
Come on. Uhh.
Uhh.
Ohh!
It sucks we don't
have eyes on her.
Harry, I've got an idea
for keeping tabs on Veronica.
Write a warrant
for her GPS tracker.
Release the Bentley.
At least then
we'll know where she is
- when she's driving that.
- That's good.
We'll need a tracker
on the Range Rover, too.
I'll include it.
But then we got
to get it on her car,
get past the gate.
Put on your ninja
slippers.
Funny.
We'll figure out
an excuse to go see her.
That'll make her lawyer happy.
Oh, yeah.
Ooh, that's quite
the fuck-you.
Isn't it?
She has family in Armenia.
We can contact them, see if
they've heard from her.
How do you know that?
Mr. Marks had me do
a background check on them.
He did that for all
Tony's chippies?
Layla was an exception.
For the life of me,
I don't see it.
What was so special
about her?
Mousy little thing.
Tony was in love with her.
She was Armenian.
Mr. Marks needed to know
she was on the level.
What would he think now?
She surprised us all.
So have you considered
our proposal?
50%?
Huh.
Once the funds
are recovered,
you want this to be over.
I can make that happen,
intercede on your behalf.
With the organization?
Or I can make it go
the other way.
You'll
end up with nothing.
50%? That is fucking--
Only... fair.
Fair enough.
Thanks for
bringing me here, Dad.
Best chocolate shake
in L.A.
- You always say that.
- I do?
Best pizza,
best pancakes.
Well, if I don't know,
who does?
How's your shake?
Oh, it's the best chocolate
shake I've ever had.
Ha-ha, smart ass.
Your mother doesn't know
what she's missing.
I swear I think
she's going vegan on us.
She's always talking
about gluten this
and soy that.
This isn't gluten-free,
is it?
I think we're safe.
Bet you'll be glad to have
the house to yourself again.
Quite the contrary.
It's been really nice
for me having you around.
It's time you went home.
See your friends,
get back to your routine.
Get ready for school.
Ugh.
I'll miss you.
Me, too.
Do you know
what Mom's going to do?
Have you talked to her?
A little.
She sees some new
possibilities
in front of her--
a chapter of her life
she thought was closed.
She keeps talking
about big changes.
It's kind of
freaking me out.
Maddie, your mother's
a very smart woman.
She and Reggie
will figure it out.
Uhh...
Yeah, we're closed.
Kat?
It's Carl.
Carl?
Kat.
Jesus, what happened?
- Help me.
- Ohh!
Clean through and through.
You are lucky
it missed your femoral.
Oh, I'm lucky you're
a large animal veterinarian.
You're a funny guy, Carl.
You always have been.
Secret of my success.
I'm serious.
If it had hit
your femoral--
- I'd be fucked.
- You'd be dead.
You may still be.
You belong
in a hospital.
There's no telling
how much nerve
and muscle damage
you've got.
I'll put you
on antibiotics,
but you ought to be
on an IV.
Katherine, is there anything
you want to ask me?
Nope.
You don't follow the news?
I don't have a TV.
You know that.
You've got internet?
I don't want to know
what's
going on in the world.
That's why I moved
out here.
Hey.
Keep me in the dark, Carl.
Okay?
That little sc-- Come here.
That little scar
on your lip.
I've already told you
about that.
Tell me again.
Refresh me.
I got kicked by a horse.
I've had it ever since.
Ohh.
Thank you so much.
- Right over there.
- Thank you.
All right. I know this is
the initial interview
and we're just getting
the lay of the land here,
but let's cut
to the elephant in the room.
where is he?
Ahem. I don't know.
You must have some idea.
He'd disappear
days on end.
Wouldn't answer his cell.
He'd say he was out where
there was no cell coverage.
You said she could
give us Nash.
On a platter legally.
We never said she knew
his current whereabouts.
I have a signed
agreement with the DA.
Do you have
more questions?
Riley, Piccininni,
Arceneaux, all dead.
That was the crew.
He kept it tight.
Who shot Tony Allen?
Riley.
How do you know?
I was there.
I flagged him
on his way home.
So he stopped
to help you.
Right.
Let's get
back to George Irving.
Nash had big plans for him...
till we found out
he was an IA rat.
Who shot him?
Riley, probably.
I don't know for sure.
What do you know about
Arceneaux's suicide?
Wasn't.
How do you know?
I was there.
Who actually
pulled the trigger?
Riley.
All three murders?
That's convenient.
He was Nash's boy.
Did his wet work.
What about Veronica Allen?
That bitch.
Where does she fit in?
Carl was playing her.
In what way?
He was boning her.
Said she was
in love with him.
You sure
she wasn't playing him?
That bastard.
Who? Tony?
Divorce papers.
Did you know?
No.
Oh, big fucking deal.
He was going to leave me
the house
with two mortgages.
Shit.
My husband
passed away recently.
- My condolences.
- Mm.
As executor of his estate,
I'm authorized
to assemble his finances.
Of course.
I found that receipt
in his desk.
How can I help you,
Mrs. Allen?
A year ago
you sold my husband
$1.1 million
of bearer bonds.
That's correct.
A legal transaction.
Oh, I'm sure.
The bonds are missing.
I'm trying to locate them.
I'm sorry to hear that.
It's almost impossible
to recover bearer bonds
if they're lost
or stolen.
Hmm. I know that.
I also know that
bearer bonds are used
for money laundering,
tax evasion,
and other illicit
business transactions.
You're very well informed.
Hmm. My husband
was a money launderer.
He told me
he was a producer
of adult entertainment.
Please. Let's cut the crap,
Mr. Morada.
You knew the real source
of my husband's income.
You helped him wash it.
That would be
very hard to prove.
What you couldn't have known
was that some of that money
that you and my husband
laundered
Tony stole from his cousin
Joey Marks.
Now, obviously
the Armenians don't know
you were involved in that,
or we wouldn't be sitting here.
Well, you certainly wouldn't.
I appreciate your discretion.
But they will
if you don't help me
find my fucking money.
Rykoff estimated
Tony Allen skimmed
upwards of $4 million.
- Also, Jer--
- Yeah.
An hour ago, Veronica Allen
visited a bond trader downtown.
She's on her way
home now.
So they still issue these--
these bearer bonds?
No. But there's still
some floating around.
Hmm. All right.
We're checking out.
First thing in the morning.
We need to get
that second tracker
on her other car.
Let's go make nice
with Mrs. Allen.
I was awfully
hard on her yesterday,
and I feel just plain
sick about it.
Community relations.
I'm all in.
Detective, my lawyer told you
to stay away from me.
I came to apologize.
I didn't think
your lawyer would mind.
Then come in
and have a drink.
I'm on duty.
Come in
while I have a drink.
Sure I can't entice you?
No. No, thank you.
Well, you were saying?
We've changed our
assessment of the case.
The surviving officer's
cooperating.
She's given a statement.
She has?
According to her,
Nash planned
your husband's murder,
and she and his accomplices
carried it out.
Carl Nash is now
the sole focus of our
investigation,
but I wanted to apologize
on behalf of the department
for suggesting you were
involved in any way.
Well, you don't know
how much I appreciate that.
And I'd appreciate it
if you kept our
conversation confidential.
When we catch Nash,
we'll need you to testify.
Testify to what, detective?
Hmm, that'll depend
on his defense.
I'm sure he'll try
to cut a deal
to stay off death row
and implicate as many
other people as he can.
Hmm. You'll have
to catch him first.
Oh, we will.
He was seriously wounded
in the shootout.
Most likely
he's holed up somewhere
weak as a kitten.
We'll scoop him up,
and he'll start talking.
Hmm.
Well,
let's hope that happens.
We're counting on it.
Anyway,
have a nice evening.
I'll see myself out.
He's up to something.
Of course he is.
Men only say they're sorry
when they want something.
Let me take you
to dinner.
I know what you want.
Can you blame me?
No. If I were you,
I'd want me, too.
I won't be a minute.
You got to have a lot
of upper body strength
to hand line.
Big, heavy bastard
like the tuna?
You got to go arm over arm,
pitch and pull,
none of this rod and reel,
sit back and crank shit.
The Old Man and the Sea.
That's me.
When was the last time
you were there?
Otter Banks?
Ten years ago,
maybe yet.
Shit. My brother
was still alive.
You know what I love
about the ocean?
I love how it doesn't give
a flying fuck about you.
Mm. I get that.
It'll swallow you up.
It's big, you're small.
Deal with it.
How you feeling?
Better.
Antibiotics are
kicking in, I think.
You sure you don't want to
know my side of the story?
How I got this thing?
Would you tell me
the truth?
Mm, well,
I could tell you,
but then I'd have
to kill you.
I hope that was a joke.
Oh, of course it was. Hey.
Like I said,
just keep me in the dark.
Okay.
We put tracking devices
on both their vehicles.
May yield something.
And Nash?
RHD have any idea?
He's off the radar,
gone to ground somewhere.
What do they have you doing?
We're on hold,
waiting for Firearms
to finish processing
the weapons from the scene.
Follow the guns, huh?
Yeah.
That's a shit job.
Yep.
They're mad at you.
Maybe. I think Connor suspects
we were running
a parallel investigation.
Maybe he blames us
for spooking Nash,
setting this whole
thing in motion.
It has crossed my mind.
Yeah, mine, too.
We were so close
to grabbing him up.
So what do you think
happened?
Why did Nash spook?
I think somehow he knew
we'd been there,
to his house,
saw those photographs.
So have we heard
anything yet?
I didn't want to spoil
a lovely evening.
Mm.
Delicious.
What?
Ahem.
Through her family
in Yerevan,
we, uh, reached
an aunt in Toronto.
Do they know where
the little bitch is?
She does not, but she heard
from Layla a few months ago
about the wedding.
Wedding.
We were still married.
He didn't even
have the balls
to serve me
with the divorce papers.
Wedding. Fuck a wedding.
Did they save the date?
Still in the planning stages.
Hmm.
To a nice Armenian
gangster twice her age.
Lucky girl.
The aunt said traditional
Armenian wedding.
Which would mean a church.
You know how many Armenian
churches there are in L.A.?
Our Lady Queen of Martyrs.
Tony never went to church
a fucking day in his life.
Well, apparently,
Layla was very attached
to this particular church.
Went on and on to the aunt
about how the priest
made her feel like family,
made her feel welcome,
made her feel at home.
Hmm.
Detectives.
Agent Griffin?
The floor is yours.
Luke Rykoff gave you
some information
pertaining
to your Allen case.
I assume it proved
useful.
Jury's still out.
We're hoping the LAPD
will return the favor.
Uh, how?
The death of Joey Marks
provides us
with an opportunity.
Now, we have
a legitimate shot
at reinserting Rykoff
into the Marks organization.
Now,
the three of you know
that Rykoff
is an FBI agent.
Anyone else?
I don't think so.
Okay. We need for you
to keep it that way.
So there can be
no records into
his true status
or identity,
no conversation.
We need to maintain
his legend.
Okay. Consider it done.
Thank you.
I'll let you get
back to it.
Before you go...
Martin Weiss.
What about him?
We ran a plate on a car
parked at Veronica Allen's
home last night.
It belonged to Weiss.
I'd like to know
where he stands
in the broader scheme
of your investigation.
Up to his chin in shit.
But for your case,
fair game.
Have a good day.
Veronica Allen and Weiss?
Think she's cutting him
in on the money?
She may have no choice.
She's got to find it
first.
Do the assistant chiefs know?
As of an hour ago.
We'll be holding
a press conference today
to announce
his resignation.
We'd like you
to be there.
I'd rather not.
It would look
like I'm gloating.
Everyone
knows our history.
I want to balance
the negative
with the positive.
Announce an interim
chief at the same time.
What about
Assistant Chief Lopez?
He's come up
through the ranks,
and it's time for a Hispanic
chief of police.
Be an historic moment
for L.A.
I'm a Latino mayor.
I can't appoint
a Latino chief.
Who, then?
You.
Are you trying
to co-op me, Mr. Mayor?
Won't work.
I'm still endorsing
your opponent.
Endorse who you like.
Actually, that will make
the mayor look good--
above the partisan fray.
Two conditions.
Name them.
RHD has a free hand
in their investigation
into my son's death
and departmental corruption.
No interference from you
or anyone else.
Let the chips fall
where they may.
Full transparency.
You have my word.
What's
your other condition?
I will not be a candidate
for the permanent position.
And you'll
announce that today.
We expected you'd want
to be considered,
throw your hat
in the ring.
Not interested.
You have
an excellent chance
with the Police
Commission.
You're highly regarded
at the moment.
I won't trade on the tragedy
of my son's death.
Forgive me.
That's not what I meant.
Of course not.
Agreed.
Veronica headed downtown?
Still stuck on the 101.
SIG Alert.
We've got a case that
might involve bonds
or certificates of some kind,
something
that can be moved
without a lot of attention
or a lot of questions,
like bearer bonds.
We don't
handle those here.
They're disappearing.
They long ago stopped
earning interest,
so it's about parking
money, not earning.
Our clients want to earn.
Who does handle those?
I think
I can put together
a couple of names
for you.
Bearer bonds have
a certain reputation,
you know.
Drug dealers.
Money launderers.
Tax evaders.
Exactly. That's not
where we want to be.
We don't want those folks
sitting in our waiting room,
if you know what I mean.
On the other hand,
the last guy that brought
bearer bonds in here
was a priest, so--
Said somebody donated
a quarter million in
bonds to his church.
- When was that?
- Couple of weeks ago.
Where'd you send them?
Thurmond Bradley
Investments on Wilshire.
They're not so picky
about who's in their
waiting room.
- Did you catch a name?
- Sorry.
I don't remember.
What about the church?
I don't think he ever said.
Your namesake, she relieved
our Lord's suffering
on his Via Dolorosa.
I'm afraid I was named
for the Veronica
in the comic books.
You look more
like Betty to me.
Oh, it is
a beautiful church.
We've been here a long time.
The neighborhood's changed,
but we've endured.
How long?
Celebrated our 60th
anniversary last year.
The first Armenian Catholic
church in California.
Mazel tov.
What do you think?
It's perfect.
We'll look at the calendar.
May and June book up first.
Mrs. Sarkisian.
Forgive me, Mrs. Allen,
but why our church?
You don't look Armenian,
and your name--
My late husband changed it
for business reasons.
- Avakian.
- Ah.
It was his wish
that our daughter
have a traditional
Armenian wedding.
Come to my office.
We'll look at some dates.
Lovely. I noticed
you're in the middle
of a capital campaign.
Yes.
And I understand
that it's customary
to make a donation
at the time of the wedding.
Customary, not required.
Perhaps
in my husband's name.
That would be most generous
of you, Mrs. Allen.
It would be my pleasure,
Father.
Please.
Father Tabakian.
He gave him those bonds
for hiding her
or for helping her
some other way.
So let's hit
Thurmond Bradley first,
then go lay it down
for Father T.
Veronica off the 101 yet?
Boyle Heights.
Pleasant Avenue.
Queen of Martyrs.
Perfect.
Two birds, one stone.
Ah. There is still
one Sunday in June.
I've changed my mind,
Father.
You don't want
to book the wedding?
And I'm actually not interested
in making a donation, either.
I don't understand.
May I ask why?
I'd like to talk
about a donation
that was already made.
I'm sorry.
Ten days ago,
you cashed bearer bonds
in the amount of $400,000.
You received those bonds
from Liliet Saroyan,
my husband's mistress.
Mistress?
I'm sure you're mistaken.
Those bonds belong to me.
Mrs. Allen,
I know Liliet Saroyan,
and I can't believe
that what you say is true.
She came to you to talk
about a wedding, didn't she?
She did. She said
that she and her fiancé--
Is this your Liliet?
Layla, yes.
But who's this?
my husband.
They were lovers.
And the gift she gave you,
the bonds,
she stole those from me.
Now, you wouldn't want
to be the recipient
of such a tainted gift,
would you, Father?
Born of an adulterous
relationship.
I don't know what to say.
Where is Layla?
Where is she?
And where is my money?
Layla is gone.
She left the country.
To where?
I don't know.
- I haven't heard from her.
- Liar.
Please believe me.
And my bonds?
I'm sorry,
but I cashed the bonds.
The donation she made
to the church
is in the bank.
Then you will write me
a check for that amount.
I'm sorry. I can't
just do that without
proof that the bonds--
This is your proof!
Mrs. Allen, look,
I'm sorry for your troubles,
but that's not proof.
I want my money.
I'm going to have
to ask you to leave.
Not without my fucking money.
You know,
I'm calling the police.
No, you are not.
Still here.
Maybe they're negotiating
a settlement.
I could see how she
can persuade him
to give back the bonds
and tell her where Layla is.
- She's got game.
- He's a priest.
He's a man, isn't he?
What happened?
He attacked me.
Where's Father Tabakian?
He's-- He's--
He's in his office.
I had to defend myself.
- Jerry.
- I got her.
I want to talk
to my lawyer.
I bet you do.
6 William 21.
I'm code 6
at 1327 Pleasant Avenue.
Requesting two units
and a supervisor, code 2.
Also an RA for a white male,
50 years,
unconscious
and not breathing.
Take her to Hollywood.
Not Hollenbeck?
No, Hollywood. Our case.
You roger that?
I thought I said
to hold my calls.
I know, sir,
but it's your wife.
Put her through.
I'm happy for you.
I know how much
you've wanted this
and for how long.
Coming under these
circumstances...
tastes more like ashes
than victory.
I understand that.
I'm going to make right
on our son,
with the full
force and authority
of this department,
whatever it takes.
If that brings you peace.
Not you?
I'm willing to give you
as much time as you need.
Irv.
I've hired a lawyer.
Maybe you should, too.
I can see the feathers
coming out of your mouths.
- Lieutenant?
- The cats who ate the canary.
Don't get cocky.
She sets a meet
with the priest,
walks out of that meeting,
blood on her hands.
caught red-handed.
Runs into us, we walk in,
priest is adios.
Her prints are on the weapon.
It's obvious
she planted the scissors
from the way
they're placed.
To you, maybe.
And she's got $4 million
worth of motive.
I have seen cases with far
more convincing evidence
go down the crapper.
Do you remember OJ Simpson?
You can blame the jury
for that one.
That's my point exactly.
- Payback for Rodney King.
- Precisely.
This case is going
to be a goldmine
for some slick attorney.
The interviews,
book, TV deals.
We're not losing
this one.
Take a breath, Lieutenant.
We've got this.
Famous last words.
I am holding you to them,
Bosch.
Hey.
Will I see you later?
I'll try.
I've got a lot of work
I've got to catch up on, so--
Hey, you know what?
I'm thinking
maybe it's better
you keep your
distance a few days,
just till things
quiet down.
Sounds smart.
When I'm stronger,
we'll take a road trip
cross country.
Otter Banks.
Why not?
Sure.
And if I hear
helicopters and sirens?
Stay away from the news.
Where's my lawyer?
I've called him
three times.
He doesn't
answer my calls.
He doesn't return
my messages.
I shouldn't even
be in here.
It was self-defense.
Save your story, Mrs. Allen.
You're going to have a long
time to work on the details.
So what happens next?
When do I get my bail hearing?
You're going
to be transported
to the female jail
in Van Nuys.
You'll have access
to a phone.
You can keep trying
to reach your lawyer.
If you'd like me
to call someone else
to represent you,
give me a name.
How about Martin Weiss?
Will he do?
You're so fucking smug,
detective, so confident.
Can't wait to wipe
that look off your face.
I'll take that
as a no on Weiss.
I'll leave a message
for Williams,
let him know you're
headed to Van Nuys.
Good night, Mrs. Allen.
What's going on?
Tenzer's out, Irving's in.
- I'll be damned.
- Mm-hmm.
Tough way to become chief.
He inherits a whole big
steaming bowl of shit.
Bosch, line 1.
Bosch.
I've been trying
to get hold of you.
Who is this?
I've been calling
and calling.
Ma'am, your name.
Annette McKay.
Oh. Right.
You're the woman
that's been talking
to Keisha Russell.
You won't return my calls.
I left you a message
months ago.
I've been away
for a while.
Do I know you?
Your voice
sounds familiar.
Aunt Nettie.
That's what you called me:
Do you remember me?
Harry?
Aunt Nettie.
Could I call you
back tomorrow?
It--
It's kind of late.
Come see me soon, Harry.
I don't have long.
Why is that?
I'm dying.
Harry, I need to see you.
I'll come as soon
as I can, I promise.
Don't wait too long.
I won't.
I know who killed
your mother.